Make Hashicorp setup apply to HCP/ Enterprise (#1652)
astronomer/docs: astro/secrets-backend.md

To use Vault as a secrets backend, Astronomer recommends configuring a Vault AppRole with a policy that grants only the minimum necessary permissions for Astro. To do this:

> 1. Run the following command to [create a Vault policy](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/concepts/policies) that Astro can use to access Vault:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the following command to [create a Vault policy](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/concepts/policies) that Astro can use to access a Vault server:
```

    ```hcl
    vault auth enable approle
    vault policy write astro_policy - <<EOF
    path "secret/*" {
      capabilities = ["create", "read", "update", "patch", "delete", "list"]
    }
    EOF
    ```

2. Run the following command to [create a Vault AppRole](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/auth/approle):

    ```hcl
    vault auth enable approle
    vault write auth/approle/role/astro_role \
        secret_id_ttl=0 \
        secret_id_num_uses=0 \
        token_num_uses=0 \
        token_ttl=24h \
        token_max_ttl=24h
    ```

3. Add the policy you created to your AppRole. See [Associate Policies to Auth Methods](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/tutorials/getting-started/getting-started-policies#associate-policies-to-auth-methods).     

> 4. Retrieve the `role-id` and `secret-id` for your AppRole by running the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run the following commands to retrieve the `role-id` and `secret-id` for your AppRole:
```

    ```sh
    vault read auth/approle/role/<your-approle>/role-id
    vault write -f auth/approle/role/<your-approle>/secret-id
    ```

>     Save these values for later in the setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Save these values. You'll need them later to complete the setup.
```

To store an Airflow variable in Vault as a secret, run the following Vault CLI command with your own values:

```sh

> vault secrets disable secret

Author: ```suggestion
```

vault secrets enable -path=secret -version=2 kv
vault kv put secret/variables/<your-variable-key> value=<your-variable-value>
```

To store a connection in Vault as a secret, run the following Vault CLI command with your own values:

```sh

> vault secrets disable secret

Author: ```suggestion
```
